backlogs/product-backlog.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Product Backlog
permalink: /backlogs/product-backlog/
---

# 📋 Product Backlog – *Insurance Risk Calculator*

| **ID** | **User Story / Task** | **Priority (1-10)** | **Estimate (SP)** | **Spike (Y/N)** | **Status** | **Assigned** |
|--------|------------------------|--------------|--------------|------------|--------------|--------------|
| RC-009 | As a user, I want to see a summary of my inputs before submitting so that I can confirm the information I entered is correct. | 5 | 3 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-015 | As a developer, I want to deploy the client as an Azure static website so that I can provide users with a fast and accessible frontend. | 5 | 3 | Y | -- | -- |
| RC-010 | As a client, I want to call a “ping” API to wake the servers on load, ensuring the backend is responsive when needed. | 5 | 2 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-018 | As a developer, I want to remove all unnecessary code from the Node.js servers so that I can improve maintainability and performance. | 4 | 3 | Y | -- | -- |
| RC-013 | As a developer, I want to configure local `.env` or config files for seamless local testing so that I can develop without environment conflicts. (fix) | 2 | 5 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-017 | As a user, I want to identify and process my family history of hypertension so that I can understand how my health history affects my risk. | 1 | 3 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-019 | As a user, I would like the application to run natively on my iPhone so that I can use it while driving. | 1 | -- | N | -- | -- |

Todo:
1. (DONE) Change RC-009 “Summarize inputs” to “As a user, I want to see a summary of my inputs before submitting so that I can confirm the information I entered is correct.”
2. Determine the priority of RC-004
3. Briefly review, fix, re-estimate, and re-prioritize stories as needed
4. Reorganize stories so the highest priority stories are at the top and the lowest priority stories are at the bottom
5. Remove this “Todo” list as the items are complete

Commit message:

Cleared TODO on product backlog and moved most important product backlogs to sprint backlogs

backlogs/product-backlog.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Product Backlog
permalink: /backlogs/product-backlog/
---

# 📋 Product Backlog – *Insurance Risk Calculator*

| **ID** | **User Story / Task** | **Priority (1-10)** | **Estimate (SP)** | **Spike (Y/N)** | **Status** | **Assigned** |
|--------|------------------------|--------------|--------------|------------|--------------|--------------|
| RC-018 | As a developer, I want to remove all unnecessary code from the Node.js servers so that I can improve maintainability and performance. | 4 | 3 | Y | -- | -- |
| RC-016 | As a user, I want a visually appealing application that utilizes Tailwind to style the interface, allowing me to enjoy a modern and visually pleasing experience. | 3 | 5 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-013 | As a developer, I want to configure local `.env` or config files for seamless local testing so that I can develop without environment conflicts. (fix) | 2 | 5 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-017 | As a user, I want to identify and process my family history of hypertension so that I can understand how my health history affects my risk. | 1 | 3 | N | -- | -- |
| RC-019 | As a user, I would like the application to run natively on my iPhone so that I can use it while driving. | 1 | -- | N | -- | -- |
