backlogs/sprint-04-backlog.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Sprint 4 Backlog
permalink: /backlogs/sprint-04-backlog/
---

# 📋 Sprint 04 Backlog – *Insurance Risk Calculator*

Scrum Master: Eric Pogue

Product Owner: Eric Pogue

Sprint 4 Planning Date/Time:

Sprint 4 Planning Participants: Eric Pogue, Tessy, and Edward Scissorhands (remotely)

Sprint 4 Backlog:

| **ID** | **User Story / Task** | **Priority (1-10)** | **Estimate (SP)** | **Spike (Y/N)** | **Status** | **Assigned** |
|--------|------------------------|--------------|--------------|------------|--------------|--------------|
| RC-001 | As a Scrum Team, we want to identify the Sprint 4 Scrum Master and Product Owner so that I can ensure team responsibilities are clearly defined for the sprint, | 10 | 0 | Y | Ready | -- |


Todo:
1. Team members request the highest priority stories (required for MVP) 
2. These high-priority stories are assigned to the team member and **moved** from the Product Backlog to the Sprint 4 Backlog 
3. Team commits to Sprint 4 Backlog

Commit message:

Initial changes made to product backlogs/sprint backlogs

backlogs/sprint-04-backlog.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Sprint 4 Backlog
permalink: /backlogs/sprint-04-backlog/
---

# 📋 Sprint 04 Backlog – *Insurance Risk Calculator*

Scrum Master: Eric Pogue

Product Owner: Eric Pogue

Sprint 4 Planning Date/Time:

Sprint 4 Planning Participants: Eric Pogue, Tessy, and Edward Scissorhands (remotely)

Sprint 4 Backlog:

| **ID** | **User Story / Task** | **Priority (1-10)** | **Estimate (SP)** | **Spike (Y/N)** | **Status** | **Assigned** |
|--------|------------------------|--------------|--------------|------------|--------------|--------------|
| RC-001 | As a Scrum Team, we want to identify the Sprint 4 Scrum Master and Product Owner so that I can ensure team responsibilities are clearly defined for the sprint, | 10 | 0 | Y | DONE | Salah Abdelmajid |
| RC-002 | As a Product Owner, I want to manage the backlogs and focus on the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) and prioritize stories so that I can deliver value to users by the end of the sprint. | 8 | 2 | Y | -- | Salah Abdelmajid |
| RC-003 | As a Scrum Master, I want to facilitate Sprint Planning and story commitment so that I can help the team work with focus and alignment. | 8 | 2 | Y | -- | Faiza Khan |
| RC-004 | As a developer, I want to create a GitHub organization and repos for clients and servers so that I can collaborate using centralized version control. | ? | 2 | Y | --DONE| Salah Abdelmajid |
| RC-005 | As a developer, I want to set up GitHub client and server repositories along with connected Azure Static Web App and Node.js servers so that I can deploy and test code collaboratively in the cloud. | 7 | 5 | Y | -- | Joseph Chavez |
| RC-006 | As a user, I want a clean and welcoming home screen with instructions so that I can quickly understand how to use the application. | 7 | 3 | N | -- | Benjamin Campa |
| RC-007 | As a user, I want to enter my age, height (in feet and inches), weight (lbs), blood pressure, and family history so that I can receive a personalized risk calculation. | 7 | 4 | N | -- | Adrian Salinas |
| RC-008 | As a user, I want my inputs validated (e.g., height ≥ 2 feet) so that I can avoid mistakes and receive accurate results. | 7 | 4 | N | -- | Adrian Salinas |
| RC-011 | As a developer, I want to implement the risk calculation API using Node.js so that I can encapsulate the core business logic on the server side. | 7 | 6 | Y | -- | Faiza Khan |
| RC-012 | As a developer, I want to write at least one Node.js API and commit to GitHub so that I can contribute to server-side functionality and maintain traceable commits. (one story per team member) | 7 | 3 | Y | -- | Faiza Khan |
| RC-014 | As a Product Owner, I want to ensure that no calculations occur on the client so that I can maintain centralized and consistent calculation logic. | 7 | 1 | Y | -- | Salah Abdelmajid |
| RC-016 | As a user, I want a visually appealing application that utilizes Tailwind to style the interface, allowing me to enjoy a modern and visually pleasing experience. | 3 | 5 | N | -- | Benjamin Campa |




Todo:
1. Team members request the highest priority stories (required for MVP) 
2. These high-priority stories are assigned to the team member and **moved** from the Product Backlog to the Sprint 4 Backlog 
3. Team commits to Sprint 4 Backlog
